docs: update Cloudflare documentation (#10397)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/25-build-and-deploy/60-adapter-cloudflare.md

To deploy to [Cloudflare Pages](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/), use [`adapter-cloudflare`](https://github.com/sveltejs/kit/tree/master/packages/adapter-cloudflare).

> This adapter will be installed by default when you use [`adapter-auto`](adapter-auto), but adding it to your project is recommended if you plan on staying with cloudflare pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This adapter will be installed by default when you use [`adapter-auto`](adapter-auto). If you plan on staying with Cloudflare Pages you can switch from [`adapter-auto`](adapter-auto) to using this adapter directly so that type declarations will be automatically applied and you can set Cloudflare-specific options.
```

Author: Are the type declarations automatically applied? I tested that and it didn't seem to work :thinking:

Author: The code is definitely there, not sure why I can't get it to work locally � - but that's better in another PR

> SvelteKit's built-in `$env` module should be preferred for environment variables.

> To make these types available to your app, install `@cloudflare/workers-types` then reference them in your `src/app.d.ts`:

Reviewer: `@cloudflare/workers-types` is a dependency of `adapter-cloudflare`, so I don't think you should need to install them separately?

Author: Let's remove this for now :pray:

export {};
```

### Testing Locally

> `platform.env` is only available in the final build and not in dev mode. For testing the build, we can use [wrangler](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/cli-wrangler) **version 3**. Once you have built your site, run `wrangler pages dev .svelte-kit/cloudflare`. Ensure you have your [bindings](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/configuration/#bindings) in your `wrangler.toml`.

Reviewer: it says "you" the rest of this paragraph, so switching if for consistency
```suggestion
`platform.env` is only available in the final build and not in dev mode. For testing the build, you can use [wrangler](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/cli-wrangler) **version 3**. Once you have built your site, run `wrangler pages dev .svelte-kit/cloudflare`. Ensure you have your [bindings](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/configuration/#bindings) in your `wrangler.toml`.
```

export {};
```

### Testing Locally

> `platform.env` is only available in your build, for testing the build we can use [wrangler](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/cli-wrangler) **version 3**. Once you have built your site, run `wrangler pages dev .svelte-kit/cloudflare`. Ensure you have your [bindings](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/configuration/#bindings) in your `wrangler.toml`.

Author: Also synced to cloudflare workers adapter
